Fix icon cutter readme file (#83776)
tgstation/tgstation: tools/icon_cutter/README.md

## What is this?

> During CI running, this folder holds a set of cached versions of hypnagogic, our icon cutter
> 
> Note that they do not exist here outside of during CI runs.

Reviewer: ?
```suggestion
This folder will hold a set of cached versions of hypnagogic, our icon cutter. We autodownload the most recent required version from github on build.
```
